BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1. all configuration fields supported by using the config fields such as table size and feature size instead of 3 or 12.
ai logic is implemented allowing the use of ai players.
hints will be shown if hints field in the config is set to true. 
2. in classes: table, dealer and player
3. we printed to see all the scenario, also changed the config fields to see if works with different settings.


--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1. we did terminate in reverse for loop in the dealer class, in that loop
the dealer ordered the players to do terminate in the oposite order of their creation.
2. the dealer class
3. we printed all the players when doing terminate and sow that they terminate in reverse

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

1. putting them to sleep/ wait according to mission, only creating one thread for each player and additional thread for ai players
2. you can see the wait and sleep activating in th ex classes, for example in dealers sleep until awaken function, for players once they ask the dealer to check their set
3. printing once they are going into wait or sleep, and when are being notified and actualy doing their jobs.
